Drown in Robot Parts (Gummywormz's weapon pack)
Features 158 new weapons and 4 new items

Included in v1:

Form of Mist - Turns you into mist, which allows you to pass through players and
become invisible.

Shock Mine - Leaves a mine on the ground that shocks players who touch it. It can
be shot.

Thunder Wool - Just like mm10's version so yeah..

Spell of Darkness - Darkens your enemy's screen for 10 seconds

Speed Gear - A gear that revs up and goes along floors and ceilings. Slows down and stops
after a while

Aqua Punch - A powerful, close range attack that pushes enemies away from you.

Leech Seed - Leave an area of plants that drains life from anyone in contact.

Bullet Seed - A machine gun of seeds that get faster the lower your life is.

Oblivion Buster - Stops you for a full 2 seconds and then explodes violently,
making anyone near you very dead.

Heal Block - Prevents anyone hit from healing for 10 seconds

Lightning Chain - Upon hitting a player, it will hit others in a radius around them.

Flurry Spread - Sends weak projectiles in random directions around you.

Shadow Force - You are invisible for a while, then cause a radius attack.

Magnet Drill - Upon hitting the ground, it explodes into 8 homing, floor hugging drills.

Boulder Cracker - It shoots rocks that bounce and do damage dependant on how high you are.

Blazing Soul - After 2 bounces, it turns into a homing shot.

Blast Freeze - Send 3 massively damaging pillars of ice at a low fire rate.

Bomb Sniper - Upon hitting a player, it sends a bomb in front of and behind the player.
The bombs can hurt you too so don't go spamming it in people's faces.

Flame Spout - Goes out a bit, then starts spewing flame projectiles everywhere.

Cross Flame - A melee attack that upon hitting a player, causes a ripping fire projectile
to come from behind the player you hit. Use it for combos.

Included in v2:

Dizzy Bomb - A fast, spinning projectile that causes the enemy to have reversed
movement 20% of the time.

Gimmick Star - Charge it to fire a bouncing projectile. From the NES game Gimmick!

Cross Light - Fires 3 projectiles that spread out slightly. The two side ones
go out in a wave pattern.

Drill Torpedo - Fires 3 ripping drills. The side ones hug the floor. From the
Rockman 4mi expansion that's dead.

NMG - My old CSCC class alt. A rapid fire machine gun of swirling needles.

Tackle Shield - A shield weapon that fires a constant stream of tackle fires
around you.

Wave Guide - Fires a harpoon that upon hitting a wall, fires Water Wave backwards.

Crystal Mine - Fires a mine that explodes after a while and sends fires Crystal
Eyebits

Fizz Bomb - Fires a soda can that explodes and leaves residue. Getting hit with
the can or residue will slow you down.

Paint Gun - A simple spread weapon that allows you to paint the level AND the town!

Pop Corn Cannon - Fires a kernel that explodes into more kernels in a large radius.

Double Napalm - Fires 2 Napalm Missiles that go horizontally to opposite ends of
the screen.

Pin Missile - Fires a column of needles quickly.

Phoenix Rod - From Heretic. Fires a slow, but powerful and explosive phoenix at
your enemies. You can hit yourself with it, however.

Ice Spike - Fires a spike that shoots 8 icicles after a bit.

Cloud Bomber - Fires an ascending projectile that drops bombs.

Fade Launcher - Fires a projectile that gets stronger and harder to see the farther
it goes.

Twist Laser - Fires a ring of lasers that go off in random directions after a while.

Perfect Chainsaw - A melee weapon that fires a chainsaw when held. If you have
enough ammo left, you can release it and fire high speed projectiles.

Sky Uppercut - Upon hitting an opponent, it will knock you and your enemy to the
sky and continue damaging him. You can also use it to combo and reach high places.

Quad Missile - Fires four slow, but powerful missiles in a square around you.

Coal Shot - A rapid fire weapon that gets more powerful the more you use it.
Using it too much will cause an overheat and damage you.

Danger Field - A fireable shield that reflects players and projectiles.

Gravity Hole - When charged, it creates a vortex that fires shots in a circle
rapidly.

Stone Wall - A pushable projectile that can fire 3 bouncing projectiles if you
fire again while it is up.

Equalizer - Boosts speed and damage depending on your remaining health.

Magic Balloon - Fly until you get hit.

Shock Guard - Protects from (most) spikes once.

Anti-Homing Device - Prevents homing attacks from working on you.

Gambling Dice - Summons a single die that does various things depending on the
number rolled.

Included in version 3:
Side Star - Summons 2 Star Crashes that bounce at high speeds and rip.
Super Arrow - It's from Mega Man 5.
Comet Launcher - Lobs an explosive comet ahead.
Volcano Hand - Mid-ranged flame thrower that forces you to stand still.
Ice Shurikens - Quickly fires shurikens in a v pattern.
Triple Zap - Aim three bolts of lightning ahead.
Shatter Stone - Summons a guts block that breaks backwards.
Scatter Balls - Summons balls that bounce at high speeds after a bit.
Frost Bomb - A bomb that sends ice around when it explodes.
Thunder Fang - A mid-range ripping attack that stuns at the end.
Stealth Rocks - Summons a ring of rocks.
Hail Shotgun - A mid-range shotgun.
Frenzy Plant - A long range attack that travels along the ground.
Head Crash - A melee attack that gets stronger with each boulder.
Apex Laser - After a delay, high speed lasers will fire.
Hammer Tail - Summons rocks around you.
Gem Cannon - Follows the ground after a while and explodes.
Spike Ball - A boomerang that stops for a bit. Charge it up to send a high speed ripping ball.
Optic Laser - A multi-hit laser.
Delay Buster - Waits at the beginning and the end.
Fractal Laser - A laser that splits upon hitting a wall.
Dimensional Wave - Summons 5 projectiles in a sine wave. Each projectile is aimable and the last one can pierce armor.
Sizzle Rocket - A high speed bouncing rocket that explodes 3 times.
Pursuit - Fires a bullet that on impact with a player, dashes you forward.
Thunder Chain - A short range chain of electricity that splits on the floor.
Rocket Chaingun - IT'S A ROCKET AND A CHAINGUN! ROCKET CHAINGUN1
Rakuhouha - Charge to 9 large blasts of energy ahead
Noteable Shot - A short range projectile that explodes 4 times on impact with a player.
Pharaoh Sacrifice - Summons multiple pharaoh shots that home in on players.
*Toad - Turns players into weak frogs. You can cancel your weapon on fire.
Recycle Inhaler - A short range melee attack that can be held down. It turns players into items when they die.
HCR Boomerang - Hold to keep the boomerang in place.
Water Cutter - A fast, high damage laser.
Rush Cannon - A high speed, instant kill attack that can only be aimed once.
Pharaoh Shotgun - Fires 5 pharaoh shots.
Spark Manbow - Hold it down for a melee. Hit the floor to stun players, or other surfaces for a ripping explosion.
Hell Wheel - Go through people at fast speeds.
FireWorks - Jumps 3 times, firing fireworks around you.
Fridge Buster - Fires random health and energy capsules.
Stone - Gives you temporary invinciblity for a few seconds.
Drill Arm - Pushes you forward. Hitting a wall sends rocks behind you.
Laser Missile - A dive missile with a laser trail.
Dust Vaccum - A projectile that pulls players towards you.
Ring Toss - A high speed bouncing projectile.
Quake Skull - Explodes and causes blindness and dizzyness. It can hurt everyone, including yourself.
Sun Spark - An attack that splits upon hitting a wall.
Rain Flood - Summons a pool of water that boosts jump height
Glue Shot - Stuns players and can be used as a platform.
Tank Arsenal - Fires a missile, a floor hugging object, and a grenade forward.
Jet Missile - A rapid fire attack that can lock on to enemies when charged.
Yoku Attack - A ripping, homing projectile that causes enemies to turn into items on death.
Yoyo Cutter - A boomerang that can go along the floor.
Rainbow Beam - Press fire again after firing to cause a long lasting explosion.
Hammer Toss - An arcing hammer.
Dumpling Bomb - A rapid fire bomb.
Nail Shield - Reduces damage except damage cause by explosions.
Comet Dash - Dashes you forward.
Nitro Blast - Sends 3 explosions forwards.

Included in Version 3b:
Rocket Chaingun - IT'S A ROCKET AND IT'S A CHAINGUN! ROCKET CHAINGUN!
Piaofu Feng - Hold it to lift yourself up slowly. Release to fire a wind storm.
Rakuhouha - A buster that fires 2 shots at once. Charge it to send 9 powerful shots forward.
Noteable Shot - An arcing shot that explodes 3 times when a player is hit by it.
Pharaoh Sacrifice - Summons Pharaoh Shots that go forwards after a short delay.

Included in Version 3c:
Water Shuriken - Sends 1 - 5 fast projectiles forward.
Ice Shards - Summons random ice shards quickly.
Tri Attack - Fires fire, ice, and electric attacks in succession.
Blaze Kick - Flings you back upon hitting an enemy.
OctaZooka - A powerful cannon that darkens the enemy's screen.
Night Daze - A radius attack that darkens enemy screens.
Giga Drain - A Melee weapon that drains opponents health.
Moon Blast - Summons a moon straight down that explodes.
Freeze Dry - A short range freeze thrower. Great for finishing people off.
Ice Beam - Fires an infinite length beam.
Self Destruct - Does high damage in a radius at the cost of 30 health.
Fell Stinger - If a player is hit with a random crit or dies to fell stinger, the player gets 10 critical hits.
Will-O-Wisp - Causes burn damage.
Magnet Bomb - Fires 3 powerful homing shots.
Leaf Storm - Sends quick ripping projectiles.
Wild Tornado - Spins you around in place while dealing wind storm damage.
Teleport - Sends you flying at a random angle.
Charge Beam - Fires up to 5 shots at once depending on the charge length
Water Spout - Fires water up that splashes int oa radius on the floor.
Bee Order - Increase armor when up, if you have less than 50 health it will heal you, otherwise it sends homing bees.
Steel Wing - Fires two ripping projectiles at large angles.
Seed Flare - Fires a ring of seeds around you.
Fire Blast - Becomes a shield for a bit, then summons a high damage projectile that explodes multiple times.
Fire Ball - Summons a fire ball that shoots random sub shots everywhere
PK Fire - Summons a floor hugging projectile that turns into a ripping flame blast when hitting an opponent.
Serious Bomb - Sends a powerful bomb with a large radius forward.

Included in Version 4a:

Jump Kick - A melee attack that drops you down and stuns enemies. Only works in the air.
Fire Fly - A homing attack that stops every so often
Suguri Dash - Dashes you forwards and repels all projectiles in range
Hyper Space Hole - Hold it down to fire a projectile. Release to teleport to it.
Egg Bomb - A homing attack that only seeks every few seconds. Hugs the floor.
Water Pulse - A projectile that expands into an AOE when it hits a player
Boomerang Bomb - A crash bomb that reverses itself.
Explosive Hadouken - A ripping projectile that explodes upon hitting a player.

Circuit Breaker - An explosive projectile that fires forwards and backwards.
Solar Flare - A projectile that splits into 3 suns after a bit.
Pulse Stopper - A medium range, slow ripper that turns into a shield when you are near it.
Crypt Cloak - Turns you invisible but causes waves to appear when you jump
Charade Clone - Fire once to leave a clone and turn invisible. Getting hit returns you to the clone. Firing again causes the clone to come near you and explode.
Phantom Fuse - A long, explosive projectile that you can guide.
Virus Outbreak - Blocks attacks around you. Fire to expand the shield, leaving you vulnerable for a bit
Shock Gauntlet - Boomerang that stuns opponents in a medium range.

Included in Version 5a:

Ionic Slash - A rapid fire, low damage weapon.
Heretic Mace - Rapid fire weapon that shoots many low damage bouncing maces
Friendly Dolphin - A ground projectile that jumps occasionally
EMP Blast - Short Range blast that teleports other players away.
Lightning Storm - Move to store power. Charge up to 3 levels, resulting in an arrow, blast, and laser
Sugar Cube - A mid-damage projectile that splits into ripping pieces after hit
Evil Eye - Gains damage and slows enemies down the less health you have
Power Tree - A simple tree platform that blocks projectiles and is solid. 
Reverse Grenade - A reverse flash bomb

Included in Version 6a:

Porcupine Bomb - An attack that splits into 8 poison needles.
Wraith Rings - Fires 6 fast but weak homing shots.
Skull of Thanatos - An explosive homing weapon.
Anguish Cannon - A large ripping projectile.
Catapult Of Doom - Quickly fires many explosive projectiles affected by gravity.
Cepheus Tower - Creates a tower that sends 3 shockwaves in rapid succession. 
Archon Cube - A fast bouncing cube that occasionally sends shockwaves.
Geno Blast - A chargeable weapon that sends powerful blasts from the sky in a radius around your player.

Included in v7a:

10k Null - Summons ten copy visions to fire a few shots forward in a random pattern. Damage: 20
H - H! Damage: 3 - 50
Actual Napalm Bomb - Summons a napalm bomb that breaks into flames. Damage: 2 ripper
Spark Bouncer - A spark shock bounces along the ground, sending sparks flying. Damage: 6 split, 22 initial
Top Rider - Summons a top platform to ride and fly with. Damage - 20 explosive 90 radius
Concussive Knuckle - A Hard Knuckle that summons explosions every so often. Damage: 30 base, 18 * 4 explosive 64 radius
Shadow Breaker - A shadow blade that splits into four more. Damage: 10 initial 7 split
Wolf Howl - If you are above 50 HP, double your damage. If you are below 50 HP, half your damage taken.